Who dares to touch him?
Who are you?
Someone who can protect him
Why are you here?
Since you have slept with me, you are my woman
Of course I have to come if you have something to do
What are you, a lowly waiter, doing here?
Help me cause trouble?
Ah, you're the waiter?
So what?
You have to die today
It's already sunset in your neighborhood.
Talk so boastfully
How about the sunset?
Better than you, the waiter
I advise you not to look down on people
What are you doing?
I want to marry her
What? You want to marry her?
Did you split it?
You a push-up
How can I be worthy of my neighbor's daughter?
It's just that I see you as a toad who wants to eat swan meat
Dream on.
As long as I like
He wants
Dear
Would you like to?
You know the power of the Sun family
Why do you want to die?
Just go.
I'll handle my own business, don't worry about me.
I can help you deal with any trouble you encounter.